XX  Lane-mark extraction for automobiles under complex conditions

adaptive ROI from previous frame -> roi table

false edge elimination maybe for bottom of image -> not on birdsview to get edge orientations in 4 quadrants -> mit linienbreite noch vergleichen und noise auswerfen

divide image in regions and fit Ranscac on edge image if not in angle between 15 and 165 then throw out and false in otientation table

otsu on image parts 

kalman tracking





XX  Lane detection and tracking using B-Snake

This B-Snake lane model is particular suitable for lane
tracking application, since the parameters of lane
model for the current frame is usually similar to those
in the previous frame, i.e. the movements of the
control points are smaller. On the contrary, for other
lane models such as the second order polynomial lane
model, when the road shape has a small change, it
may cause a large change in the parameters of model.



XX  Real-time illumination invariant lane detection for lane departure
warning system

Connected Components

The binary lane image is obtained by combining the binary
white and yellow lane images using OR operation. We use the con-
nected component clustering method (Rudra, Shahanaz, Subhadi, &
Radhakrishna, 2009) in binary lane image since lanes have con-
necting property. Each label is divided as shown in Fig. 8. We
extract the center coordinate values in each label. We calculate
the label’s angle and the intercept of y-axis. If the labels have sim-
ilar angle and intercept values of y-axis, they are combined to
make one region to form a cluster.
We divide an image into 5 sections, each section represents
equidistance from the vehicle as shown in Fig. 9(a). In each section,
we extract a center point from each cluster. Extracted points in
each cluster make one line by using least squares line fitting





XX Single camera lane detection and tracking

Hough Lines With Vanishing point on bottom of image not an birdseye only take line that cross each other the most


Heuristics:

Mean support-size of a pair: The support-size of a line is the
number of data pixels whose perpendicular distance from
the line is less than or equal to 1.5 pixels.

Mean perpendicular gradient of a pair: Given line
orientation and the support data, we compute the mean grey-
level-based gradient in a direction which is perpendicular to
the line.

Similarity of a pair: We test for similarity between the two
lines comprising the pair, in terms of the distribution of their
data support.

Mean continuity of a pair: In [9], the role of higher-order
statistics in the verification of hypotheses was discussed. In
our case it means that we favour a line that matches the data
by a small number of large pieces over a line that matches
the data by a large number of short unconnected pieces.

Mean lateral accuracy: Finally, the last criterion is
concerned with the lateral accuracy, i.e. the perpendicular
distance of the support pixels from the line.


Use Of Tracking

The purpose of tracking is twofold: First, detection of the
lane in previous frames should limit the search region for
the lane in the current frame, thus reducing running time.
Second, the information from previous frames serves as a
consistency measure of the results of the current frame. This
helps to prune wrong hypotheses. The geometric
information the algorithm passed from frame to frame is the
location of the vanishing point as well as the total width of
the lane



A Simple Implementation for Unmarked Road
Tracking

Vanishing Point With Hough Lines 

Calculating Vanishing Point Location
The location of the vanishing point can be determined
using the following steps.
1. The image is captured in full color into a color image.
2. The color image is converted to grey scale image.
3. The grey scale image undergoes edge detection to produce
edges image.
4. The edges image undergoes Hough transformation. The
detected lines are redrawn each with intensity equals to 1
unit to produce accumulator image. In case a line passes
through a previously marked pixel, the pixel intensity value
is incremented.

Accumulator image is scanned to detect the pixel with the
highest value. Fig. 3 shows the outputs of the above sequence
steps. Note the intensity of grey pixels; as the lines intersect
the pixel intensity value increases and as they become sparse it
decreases.

But Problem when accumulation is outside of the image




Best Summary of Road Detection !!

Constraints on Roads

Symmetry Constraint
Smoothness Constraint
Continuity Constraint
Lane Marker Width Constraint
Lane or Road Width Constraint
Lane or Road Orientation Constraint
Vanishin Point Agreement Constraint



